2 people show up
It's easier to speak
We are here to pick up the Hui from the foundation
You're early.
Keele is under 20 years old
There was a change in the eye of the sky-mending formation yesterday
The demon festival is damaged
It is no longer possible to restrict the demons from invading the human race on a large scale
The war between the human and demon races is about to begin
The elders are worried that if the imperial family continues to stay here
I'm afraid there will be danger.
Is that so?
Hill returns to the clan
Can you really force me to be safe here?
Ancient forgiveness
I'm afraid you will enter
court death
Ancient maybe not negotiable this time
Hahahahaha
Dusk of Heroes
You are no longer qualified to speak such big words
OK
Take him back
Do you know the stars?
he
Let's go!
He's gone now.
Where did you go hill
This is the descendant of Nuwa, the emperor of the Xuantian Snake Tribe
Sooner or later
I have to take on the responsibility of guarding the eye of the Mending Heaven Array in Xuantian Shrine
The task of maintaining the stability of heaven and earth
His people took him away.
Maintain the stability of heaven and earth
Do we have to let him come?
Why is there such a hurry?
They didn't even give us a chance to say goodbye
We just got here.
I asked you.
Even if your future is uncertain
Then tell me
Where did he go?
I'll go find him.
Ye Xuan wants to stay together forever
You have to have that ability
You know now
How many monsters want his life?
Ah!
Now the old man will do his best
realm fall
Otherwise, you wouldn't be in danger the day before yesterday.
I pass on your swordsmanship
I meant for you to protect Xi'er
pity
You're learning too slowly.
It's good for Xi'er to go back.
Brother Ye Juan